Clarify `lto` setting passing `-Clinker-plugin-lto` (#12407)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/profiles.md

  similar to "fat".
* `"off"`: Disables LTO.

> When enabled this setting can also potentially pass the [`-C linker-plugin-lto`]
> `rustc` flag for cross-language LTO.

Reviewer: This sentence is more trying to provide a breadcrumb to the user for more information on *how* to do cross-language LTO. What do you think about something like the following:

```suggestion
See the [linker-plugin-lto chapter] if you are interested in cross-language LTO. This is not yet supported natively in Cargo, but can be performed via RUSTFLAGS.

[linker-plugin-lto chapter]: ../../rustc/linker-plugin-lto.html
```

And also update the first sentence of this section to something like:

> The `lto` setting controls rustc's [`-C lto`], [`-C linker-plugin-lto`], and [`-C embed-bitcode`] options, which controls LLVM's ...

(with links to each of those options).

Author: Thanks for the edits, updated!
